Work and privacy policies

Working on the project "A Real Legend", everything that appears in the following list is accepted (everything numbered below is the list):



+ 1 - Credits will be awarded to team members for their contribution, no one may exaggerate the work done at any time. Either at work (on the curriculum or as information) or personally with anyone.

+ 2 - Working with material not suitable for all ages (Related useful link: https://areallegend.weebly.com/age-warn.html).

+ 3 - Members can earn their own separate earnings from content and products related to the project, as long as the project owner (L. Leon Moya) allows it.

+ 4 - Do not disclose information related to the project, not before or after it leaves the project phase, the only exception is if the owner of the project (Luciano León Moya) allows or requests it.

+ 5 - Any monetary benefit generated by the sale of the product (the project), by game events or in any other way will be reserved for maintenance, but could be used by the owner of the game if required for something related to the project Only small surpluses could be used by him for personal reasons.

+ 6 - Do not abuse the benefits or possible benefits from work on the project.

+ 7 - Your name or some alias related to you could be used for things related to the project.

+ 8 - In case of disassociation from the project, everything will continue to be valid, be it your privacy, the project itself or anything else.

+ 9 - In the event that someone bids to buy the project (speaking professionally and not as a product), only the owner of the project can decline, haggle or accept an offer.

+ 10 - In case the project is sold (professionally speaking and not as a product), the profits will be divided among the team.
